---
ID: 116
post_title: Drop Off Lane Reminders
author: Jon Morgan
post_date: 2017-01-21 20:46:40
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: 'http://www.shepherdhistory.org?p=116&preview=true&preview_id=116'
published: false
top_term:
  - "35"
custom_sidebar:
  - none
wide_assets:
  - ""
medium_post:
  - 'O:11:"Medium_Post":11:{s:16:"author_image_url";N;s:10:"author_url";N;s:11:"byline_name";N;s:12:"byline_email";N;s:10:"cross_link";N;s:2:"id";N;s:21:"follower_notification";N;s:7:"license";N;s:14:"publication_id";N;s:6:"status";N;s:3:"url";N;}'
---
Our oldest two have been walking to school for a few years so I haven’t had to worry about the drop off lane now as much as I once did. But, I do remember that it can be a little nerve wrecking to negotiate around the traffic. Here are some tips and reminders from Chief Sawyer.

> Good morning everyone! As we continue to provide the safest school experience for our students at Shepherd Public Schools, it is essential to remember these few reminders about drop-off and pick-up:
> Please remember that there is no medal or trophy for hitting top speed from Wright Ave to the entrance into the parking lot. Please slow down!
> The parking lot is not the Michigan International Speedway. I have seen vehicles hit 4 or 5 G's in the parking lot...that's not okay, we are not filming The Fast and Furious Part 37.
> If you utilize the half circle drive as a drop-off, please pull as far forward as you can so the space can be maximized. If we don't do that, vehicles get backed up into the actual parking area and there are greater chances for accident. Once there, make the drop-off quick. If you can't do it quickly, I suggest you pull into a marked parking spot so we can keep the traffic flowing.
> What are not parking spots...in the middle of the travel lane with your emergency flashers on and the marked handicapped spots if you do not have handicapped credentials.
> The majority of our parents do and awesome job and it is appreciated! Just remember...kids don't always look before they move or always move into the right direction. It is imperative that those driving slow down and EXPECT the students to make the above mentioned mistakes.
> Go Blue Jays!
> Chief Sawyer

How do you feel about the drop off lane between the Shepherd Elementary and High School? What tips would you pass along to other parents?